analyze the broker she has nothing to hide
europe said
the ctp is happy
I am not good hearer
but we are talking
to start with the leak
because the cigarette
certainly the opponent
- hitched to the bar
the mayor
in parallel m
with stone marcelle compare the comparable
because it's not
during the meeting
in germany the week
the usual
you finish my opponents this placard
we did not know what to expect
the attacker respected acosta
the inter of erdf remains
good luck
and beyond
it took 14
offers
there is hardly the young
port
g but the same speed as shortly one is huge tonight
the efficiency that a young man
this match according to her
and mrs
the couple walked a bit like when we called anyway
but in the same place
the brand
ben bernanke elected
obama
a story that does not start its season to be diverted
yourself
author of 21 points this
more important
the state works
in the newsletters for the ground plate number it goes well
the second act
here are our automatisms
the second belga child
to counter them
tristan is at saverne tel
training before scrutinizing madam
Assad in March also announced that it will hold the 6 and 7
you worry
but you have to do it
we do not
in the north welcome
we have what he deserves
we now call
florence k and japan
4 cults both
we start
how is exactly
The mode
afrik com
we are far
but it is because they are formally forbidden on the spot
what lessons
in the room
going from his city
for the knowledge
we have a real test to go beat it is enough to put a little perspective
why it's happening
Yes
me
in the express
far
mm
when leo scheer obama
two tremors in the villages
everything around the less different
score
the announced of his death
five months
that the term not borloo that would calm noooon we will retain the order
three games
that's what the adq
dassier
in the calm
at the same time
yes but not in China
we are less
ap but on other points of view k in a little war
that's what says
marc staal
what we did what we feel anyway why not peer
our
lvmh announced the heap his trace between a sarkozy
to get there
% to lescar by invoking a stolen sum of beavers
m
the juve or fulham
in this context
sports - francs
contact with the earth
but here we are
some flights
resting a helicopter
portrait
on their way afp then do